Android sdk (#11)
Picovoice/falcon: README.md

Replace `${ACCESS_KEY}` with yours obtained from [Picovoice Console](https://console.picovoice.ai/). Finally, when done release the resources using `falcon.release()`.

### Android

To include the Falcon package in your Android project, ensure you have included `mavenCentral()` in your top-level `build.gradle` file and then add the following to your app's `build.gradle`:

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation 'ai.picovoice:falcon-android:${LATEST_VERSION}'
}
```

> Create an instance of the engine and generate speech:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an instance of the engine and perform speaker diarization on an audio file:
```
